chairman: ben  
no agenda yet
## Agenda:
- showing demo
- talk about what everyone had done last week
- talk about how we can improve next week

#meeting 3
2 February 2019
Notary: Hugo Koot
next notary: Markus milk

##Pre-TA meeting ideas:

##TA meeting:
Last week we were supposed to make a demo of the application:
We showed the demo and it worked perfectly.

Then we talked about what we did last week:

Ben: we did client side server side and UI, we created groups for these.

Ben: Did some research how javaFX works and created a simple UI with the screenbutton, worked together with Duyemo on that.

Hugo: Mihail finished quiete early with setting up the server, I had no experience so I played catchup with researching and understanding what he did.

Markus: worked on client side with otni, followed the tutorial and created the client side and got it to work finally.

Duyemo: worked on ui with ben, already made the UI learned how it worked.

Mihail: serverside, created the serveside quite early, which sam helped him with.

Sam: serverside, code review the server code, researched heroku.


idea's for improvements:

-We need to meet after everyone has their code done.

-We need to take a few steps back and setup a backlog correctly so everyone knows what needs to be done.

-When you don't have lectures you should spend 14hours a week on the project.

ben: last week on monday we sat in the project room on the ewi designing the application.


to do next week:

create nice backlog with the issues
need around 20 issues for the week everyone does 2 or 3

there will be a lot of merge requests so everyone has to do quite alot

what is expected for next week:

week6: full workflow for editing a vegetarian meal: the entire application
server that has a database and is fully operational

suggestion for this week: have 3 teams decide what you want to go on next week what you really need to start developing further
add different pages in ui
add a database and way to work with it
authentication does not need to be too complex

