## Agenda:
- Stand up meeting.
- What did I do last week, what problems did I encounter, how did it go, what am I gonna do to improve
- Planning for next week: Research this weekend. What kind of app do we want?
- Deadline: personal dev plan, name + photo in README
# Meeting 2
18 February 2019
Notary : Benjamin Knol
Next notary:

## Pre-TA meeting ideas:

## TA meeting:
last week we were supposed to research and come up with ideas for the app:

Idea Hugo:      fix responsibility by giving everybody their own planet in the app, if you do well planet looks well vice versa.
Idea Sam:       Sam found an app, you can get points by indicating whether you did something good for the environment.
T.A.'s idea:    special challenges give extra things.
mihail's idea:  Facebook API

we need a server to check progress between friends (facebook API?). We should have some default values and keep the UI limited so people can focus on one thing easier.

After this meeting we should have 2 to 3 pages of must-have features

Sam asks what we need for the first deadline: first version of client, first version of server, and client needs to be able to send a request

idea: login would satisfy that.

work on features for 3 parts:
food, transport, energy

use Gitlabs features.

we create the backlog now, every feature on the backlog we set it to do it some week. The implementation details get decided on every week.

set Yoshi as approver of backlog branch

for the database part the people who are going to work on that do some research.

next week shorter meeting.
