# Meeting 1  
15 February 2019  
Notary : Saman Shahbazi  
Next notary: Ben Knol  

## Pre-TA meeting ideas:

Hugo has an idea:  
A game, a planet which you have to take care of. Gaining points with the right moves. Seeing visual changes as your progress (the planet changes).

## TA meeting:
Notaris/chairman switches every week.  
Otni: Pos: quick to understand things. Neg: Not always on time with things.  
Ben: Pos: git knowledge. Neg: testing  
Sam: Pos: local programming knowledge, maths. Neg: time management, no team experience  
Hugo: Pos: creative, coming up with new ideas. Neg: code can get messy if been busy for a long time  
Duyemo:Pos: Working many hours/able to cram in the last moment. Neg: Planning  
Markus: Pos: responsible programmer (on time). Neg: Might get stuck sometimes and waste time looking in the wrong places  
Mihail: Pos: Quick learner. XP in java. Neg: testing. no team experience.  


What to expect from the project:  
- More about working as a group than the end product.  
- There is a criteria sheet on BS with the point structure  

What to expect of TA:  
- Mediator (if conflicts arise)  
- Acts as client's representative  
- First contact point outside of group  
- General help if the group is not able to answer questions and it's not available on google/stack

## Agenda for Monday Feb. 18:
- Stand up meeting.  
- What did I do last week, what problems did I encounter, how did it go, what am I gonna do to improve  
- Planning for next week: Research this weekend. What kind of app do we want?  
- Deadline: personal dev plan, name+photo in README
