## Agenda for Monday Mar. 11:
- Seperating UI and client-side

##Pre-TA meeting ideas:

Saman says asychronous communication might be an issue for seperating UI and client-side

## TA Meeting:

Chairman: Duyemo  
Notary: Otni


Yoshi: use mock for testing, it's very useful.
Saman: we use MockMVC on server testing to simulate the request.
yoshi: That's good, you need to do that on client side too.

### What we've done this week:
we met on thursday to figure out what client side needs to do next.

Saman: I wrote a routing thing to update password and implemented RestTemplate.  

Benjamin: I worked on register/login, got register to work and then spent time on an error that happened because of outdated online server files.  
There were problems with git as well.

(Hugo: Yeah, I merged a branch onto your branch, the changes were about streamlining.)

Mihhail: I fixed those server issues, eventually figured out I just hadn't refreshed heroku.
I added server functionality to delete accounts, added functionality for getting all actions from the db and adding a new action, added functionality for changing passwords.
I made it so that it updates user score when actions are taken and everything connected to that and I fixed a lot of checkstyle warnings.

Yoshi: Yeah, everyone should fix checkstyle warnings before merging. Before you merge, run the checkstyle thing and fix any warnings. If you agree as a group that some checkstyle rules are nonsense, you can change them too.

Duyemo: I made the UI for the action page and leaderboard pages. What's needed is there now, and all that needs to be done is connect it to the server side.

Otni: Like I said before the meeting, the week before last week Markus and I hadn't done anything and didn't show for last week's meeting. After that Markus and I met up and spent about 5 hours figuring out how the code worked, how to get it working on our machines, and one of those 5 hours I spent basically redoing something and finding out the way it had been done was the most efficient way.


Yoshi: That's why it's important that you make sure to claim your issues, so that you don't end up with two people working on the same thing seperately.

Hugo: I spent a lot of time on login page. The next day Sam looked at my code and told me 80% of my code could be replaced with RestTemplate. I spent a lot of time on it, but got it working.  
Wednesday I streamlined a lot, but then put it on benjamin's branch.


### Conclusion:
Yoshi: An important thing you can improve on is communication. Also make sure to use the tools you're given throughout the week, issues & assigning etc. It can help simplify some of the communication.  
Any other questions?

Saman: I had some issues with bench coverage.

Yoshi: I'm not sure I'll be able to fix that on the spot.
Another TA will meet up with you too after this for course review. Good luck with the exam this week.

Goal this week: get a working demo running.